What do you mean?
Could it be that the case is wrong?
official
That's impossible.
I made sense of the case.
How could it be an injustice?
Young Master Zheng's decision is never reasonable
It's about evidence.
Do you have a different opinion?
Here are not only different opinions
And congratulations, my lord
I don't know where to congratulate
Naturally, I have to congratulate my lord Huo Huo on seeing the big case
A few days ago, Zhao Caiqian, a wealthy merchant in Luoyang, went to Chang'an City to purchase goods with a huge sum of money
As a result, he encountered a group of robbers near Luoyang Road
20 of his men were killed
Huge sums of money were stolen
Everyone else has been caught
Only one leader took away 400 taels and disappeared
Originally, there were no clues in the case
The government has been unable to catch anyone
But today it seems
It seems that the person who led the way has been found
Are you right?
Lao Han Li
Sir, I am wronged
Why don't you dare to admit that people are sick now?
Luoyang Dao Jiekill
Why haven't I heard of it?
Smart, this son is really smart
I see you don't see the coffin and don't cry
Adults and grass-roots suggest action
My lord, this has nothing to do with me
It really has nothing to do with me.
It was him who brought all the silver back.
I originally thought that the silver was given to him by Xuzhou's parents
But I didn't expect it to be robbed halfway by this god
Ladies and gentlemen, you are discerning
It really has nothing to do with me.
Can adults rob?